README.md, before:

# Recipe Helper
An easy, mobile-friendly way of displaying recipes hosted in your Google Drive with Wunderlist shopping list integration.

## What is it?
Recipe Helper is not a recipe manager per se. You manage your own recipes in your own Google Drive document. Recipe Helper parses your document and diplays them with a better, mobile friendly interface. You can scroll trough your recipes and click to get an expanded version with the recipe instructions.
Recipe Helper also integrates with Wunderlist, allowing you to add a recipe's ingredients to your Wunderlist shopping list with the touch of a single button.

Recipe Helper does not store any of your data. Recipes are cached locally on your own device.

## Google Document format
For Recipe Helper to be able to parse your recipe document correctly you have to format it in a specific way.

**Header 1** for categories (Dinner, Lunch, Desserts etc)  
**Header 2** for recipe names  
**Bulleted list** for shopping ingredients  
**Image** if you want it to display for your recipe

Any other text or elements will display as normal within the recipe's details panel.

## Using Recipe Helper
Go to http://flassari.github.io/recipe-helper/ on your computer or device to start.  
Log in to your Wunderlist account and select the list you want the recipes' ingredients to be added to.  
Log in to your Google account and select the Drive document that contains your recipes.  

Recipe Helper will cache your recipes so you won't have to go trough this process again until you want to refresh them.

All your recipes will now be displayed. Click on a recipe to open its cooking instructions, or the 'Add' button to add that recipe's ingredients to your shopping list.

When you change your recipe document you'll have to scroll to the bottom of the page and click the "Refresh" button to get the latest version.

Commit message:

Switch to Microsoft To Do

README.md, after:

# Recipe Helper
An easy, mobile-friendly way of displaying recipes hosted in your Google Drive with Microsoft To Do shopping list integration.

## What is it?
Recipe Helper is not a recipe manager per se. You manage your own recipes in your own Google Drive document. Recipe Helper parses your document and diplays them with a better, mobile friendly interface. You can scroll trough your recipes and click to get an expanded version with the recipe instructions.
Recipe Helper also integrates with Microsoft To Do, allowing you to add a recipe's ingredients to your Microsoft To Do shopping list with the touch of a single button.

Recipe Helper does not store any of your data. Recipes are cached locally on your own device.

## Google Document format
For Recipe Helper to be able to parse your recipe document correctly you have to format it in a specific way.

**Header 1** for categories (Dinner, Lunch, Desserts etc)  
**Header 2** for recipe names  
**Bulleted list** for shopping ingredients  
**Image** if you want it to display for your recipe

Any other text or elements will display as normal within the recipe's details panel.

## Using Recipe Helper
Go to http://flassari.github.io/recipe-helper/ on your computer or device to start.  
Log in to your Microsoft To Do account and select the list you want the recipes' ingredients to be added to.  
Log in to your Google account and select the Drive document that contains your recipes.  

Recipe Helper will cache your recipes so you won't have to go trough this process again until you want to refresh them.

All your recipes will now be displayed. Click on a recipe to open its cooking instructions, or the 'Add' button to add that recipe's ingredients to your shopping list.

When you change your recipe document you'll have to scroll to the bottom of the page and click the "Refresh" button to get the latest version.
